
https://missing.csail.mit.edu/
# Shell 
Bourne Again SHell -> bash

```bash
date
echo hello
echo $PATH # list all the directory where shell search to excute program
echo $SHELL
which echo # /bin/echo
/bin/echo $PATH
pwd
cd /home
ls
ls -l /home # drwxr-xr-x (directory, read write excute, from file holder, group, others )
mv cp
mkdir
touch
man ls # manuel
echo hello > hello.txt
cat hello.txt
cat < hello.txt
cat < hello.txt > hello2.txt
cat hello2.txt
sudo find -L /sys/class/backlight -maxdepth 2 -name '*brightness*'
echo 3 | sudo tee brightness


```

## Linux Directory System
```bash
/bin # 
/boot
/dev
/etc
/home
/lib
/media
/mnt
/opt
/proc
/root
/run
/sbin
/srv
/sys
/tmp
/usr
/var
```








Log files are records automatically generated by operating systems, software applications, or network devices to document events, processes, and messages over time. They serve as invaluable tools for system administrators and developers to monitor system performance, troubleshoot issues, and ensure security compliance. Typically, log files are plain text files with a .log extension, containing time-stamped entries that detail specific events or actions. For instance, an antivirus program might log the results of a system scan, including detected threats and actions taken. (亚马逊网络服务)

ANSI escape codes are sequences of bytes used to control text formatting, color, and other output options on video text terminals. Originating from the ANSI X3.64 standard, these codes enable functionalities such as cursor movement, text color changes, and screen clearing. They are initiated by the Escape character (ESC, ASCII code 27) followed by a series of characters that define the specific command. For example, the sequence ESC[31m changes the text color to red. These codes are widely used in terminal emulators and command-line interfaces to enhance the visual presentation of text. (维基百科)

In summary, log files are essential for tracking and analyzing system activities, while ANSI escape codes provide a method to control text display attributes in terminal environments.

```bash
script output.log
python my_app.py
exit
cat output.log
```